Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Subtitles by explosiveskull
The first murder happened
before I was born.
The killer called himself
Clovehitch
after his favorite type
of knot.
Our town lived in fear.
And then. ten years ago.
he stopped.
Every year. our community
had a memorial
for friends and family
of the victims.
At the time. I didn't think
about it much.
Someone has to be leading
the detail.
Why? Anyone?
To keep everyone in step.
that's number one.
Number two. here. stand up.
come here.
In my day. what we did was
flag up. shoulders back.
Put your shoulders back.
There you go.
Now. if it's windy
on that day
what's his other arm gonna do?
- Steady the flag.
- Right.
Then on the day..
You two. come up here.
Side to side.
Your job is you're gonna..
You're gonna push.
Here. Right?
Shoulder to shoulder.
You're gonna keep that formation
solid for the flag bearer
who's got the weight
of the flag plus wind.
Very. very nice.
Okay. great job. Have a seat.
How about giving them
a round of applause?
Hey. bud. I. uh. I've been
meaning to talk to you.
Work's been slow and. uh.
Uncle Rudy's insurance
is going up. so I can't..
I can't send you to
leadership camp.
Yeah. but I... I need it to
stand out on my application.
That's what the recruiter said.
Yeah. it's just. um.
you know. we... we're gonna
we're gonna work
on your rank together.
It's just gonna take
a bit longer before
you're flyin' around
at Mach one.
Oh.
- Let me get that.
- No. I got it.
Yeah. I got it. I got it.
I got it.
Oh. no!
Oh-ho. we got him.
You may be getting taller.
but I can still kick your butt.
- Quit.
- Say it.
- No!
- Uncle.
There you go.
♪ Another day without
the truth ♪
♪ It was long ago
I'll face tomorrow ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Whoa oh ♪
♪ Whoa-oh whoa oh oh whoa ♪
♪ You don't have to read girl
between the lines.. ♪♪
Hey. I like your truck.
Yeah. my dad said I can't
get a car until I'm 18.
- Oh. really?
- Yeah. 'cause you know..
Teenage drivers
are the most deadly.
Oh. yeah. that..
That makes sense.
Mmm.
Hey.
I like you.
I mean. you like me too. right?
- Yeah.
Hey. um. how do you push
the seat back?
- Oh! Uh. there's a lever.
- Okay.
Down there. yeah.
Whoa. what is this?
Um. where'd you get that?
Right there.
What?
Oh. my God.
Is that what you're into?
No! No. I..
I don't even know
where this came from.
Okay. well. it's your truck.
Yeah. but this isn't mine.
Really. no. This... this isn't
mine. It's gross.
Okay.
Um. I'm sorry.
Do you wanna keep going?
No. it's getting kinda late.
Yeah.
You see how tall
you're getting?
Honey. she's taller than Tyler
was at the same age.
It's all the growth hormones
I've been adding to the batter.
Tyler. hurry up!
- Sorry. Mom.
- Woo-oop!
One more for me.
There we go.
- Amen.
Let's eat.
Are you gonna have time
to pick up Uncle Rudy?
We gotta take separate cars.
I can't find my keys.
Tyler. have you seen my keys?
- Mnm-mnm.
- We gotta go. Eat.
- Stuff your faces.
- Mmm.
- Oh!
- This is good.
Is that..
Is that delicious or what?
If you say so yourself.
Hey. Rudy?
Hurry up. bud.
If we're late.
your mom's gonna lay an egg.
There we go.
♪ Well I finally got a friend ♪
♪ You might just even
know him when ♪
♪ Sure help a friend within ♪
♪ Whose grown to like
the hearts of men ♪
♪ Are you saying
it's the doubting ones ♪
♪ Who sit away on
the throne on high ♪
♪ Who heard the sounds
and it's a lie ♪♪
Did you see her?
- Amy?
- No.
Her. She's here again.
Who cares?
Just what is she doing?
Planning a church shooting
or something?
She's not planning
a church shooting.
She's not Christian.
She's sick.
I know her from school.
She always does the same report
about the killings every year.
What. do you have a crush on her
or something?
That's disgusting.
Don't you know
she did it with. like.
five different
football players
because her mom left the family
to be a stripper?
We should pray for her.
Or maybe call the cops.
Tyler. you can speak with Billy
later. We have rounds to do.
- I'll see you later.
- See ya.
And remember. Daniel is showing
us not only faith
but he's showing us
the kind of faith
that can cope with
Babylonian captivity.
You see.
in order to live in Babylon
Daniel lived his whole life.
He was like a layman.
he wasn't like a..
Put that away. please.
...like Jeremiah.
He was a layman.
He lived his whole life in the
arena of Babylonian politics.
It was just as hostile a world
as you could possibly live in.
How come Dad doesn't
have to help with couponing?
'Cause your father
has his own hobbies.
What did you think of
the sermon today?
...without reservation
he believed in
the power of God.
That's why he made
that appointment
with Nebuchadnezzar. He said..
You're addicted to this thing.
I don't like it.
I need to see that.
I just need to see
who's texting.
He believed in
the power of God.
What's so important?
Daniel believed in the power
of prayer absolutely.
Nothing.
Never mind.
The last of those miracles..
♪ I am a child ♪
♪ Who is full of light ♪
♪ And a father who raised ♪
♪ On high ♪
Perv.
♪ And through his son ♪
♪ I have been transformed ♪
♪ Lovingly torn ♪
♪ For him ♪
♪ And your child
will not lie ♪
♪ In the ground to die.. ♪♪
- Hey. what's goin' on?
- Oh. my God. don't follow me.
What is this?
Is this about the photo?
No. I texted like one person
who I thought would never tell.
What? I don't even know
what that was.
It wasn't mine. okay?
It was in my dad's truck.
Do you even know what people
are writing on my profile?
Then you show up at this. and parade
around in front of everybody?
I swear to God.
it's not mine.
You have to believe me. You
gotta tell everyone the truth.
You'll tell 'em. right?
What'd you do to piss off
all your little pals?
Someone has been spreading
a rumor about me. It's not true.
Teenage drama.
Must be hard.
You know.
I've heard about you.
You're into this stuff.
It's sick.
Yeah.
I heard about you too.
Perv.
Hey. what's
going on here. huh?
What do you think
this is. hm?
What do you think this is. huh?
You can't do all this.
You wanna dance. huh?
Wanna dance. dance.
dance with me?
Oh! Go on.
Go get 'em..
Happy birthday. Susie.
Tyler. give me a hand
out here!
Tyler?
What are you doing?
Oh. I was just
online finishing up some
school stuff.
I am very disappointed.
- Um. Mom..
- Go to bed.
Mom..
Go to bed. Tyler.
Yes. ma'am.
Mom says we have to have
a little talk.
Have a seat.
Our secret.
Just the men folk.
I've been keeping another secret
for you. bud.
I know you took my truck
the other night.
Mom worries about you driving.
'cause of Uncle Rudy
but I figure you're old enough
to sneak out once or twice.
But now we have to straighten
a few things out
that might be confusing you.
Like what you're looking at
on the computer at...
I wasn't looking at anything.
Okay.
Sex.
There. I said it.
You know
we're made in God's image.
That means your body
is a holy thing
not to be desecrated.
You know what that means?
But. men like you and me
we got thoughts.
We got thoughts that
start to..
Start to pop into our heads.
You ever get
those thoughts. bud?
Thoughts about girls?
I get it.
I mean. believe it or not.
I was 16 once.
We're in a bit of a pickle.
aren't we?
We got God over here
on this side
and we got a sex-crazed monkey
over here on this side.
You with me so far. bud?
Not really.
Here's the thing.
It's okay to have thoughts.
That's just a fantasy.
God will look the other way.
He's a busy man.
But no pictures.
Got it?
A fantasy's okay.
it's not real. It's just..
It's just monkey stuff.
You can't control what pops
into your head. right?
I mean. what if a thought popped into
your head right now. a bad thought?
Something like.
I don't know..
You know. grabbing one of these.
these tools in here and wham!
You'd never do it in
real life. right?
Never. Hah.
It's just.
just monkey stuff. right?
Yeah. monkey stuff.
Oh..
There.
We did it.
Awkward talk with Dad over.
Car wash.
Can I talk to you
about something?
I told you. I'm busy.
Come on. one minute.
The reason I had that thing that
Amy saw wasn't what you think.
I'm trying not to think
about it.
I don't like that stuff
at all.
It's shown me something.
something bad.
Something that I... I can't
get out of my head.
I... I know it's
probably not true
but I think I just need to talk
to somebody about it because...
I'm gonna stop you right there.
I know where you're
going with this
and I'm not going to
discuss it.
- What?
- It's a sin.
And you have a choice.
- Billy. come on.
- It's a choice.
I'm not even gonna.
The fuck you following me for?
You remember me. right?
Tyler the perv.
How's the perving?
Why are you always reading the
newspaper outside of our church?
I like bad news.
- Okay.
- And I can sit wherever I want.
I thought you people were
supposed to be all friendly
and giving and shit?
No. of..
No. yeah. no.
It's totally fine.
Great.
Hey. um. you know about that
Clovehitch stuff. right?
'Cause I was thinking maybe
I could ask you a few questions
'cause I was on some
bad website and...
Oh. I get it.
You heard that rumor
about me and the five guys
on the football team.
- And you thought that if you...
- No. No. no. no.
It's okay.
I'm a slut. you're a perv.
We were made for each other.
Okay. Cut it out.
So serious.
No one will know.
It's just you and me
down here.
Whip it out.
Let's see what
we're dealing with.
I'm fucking with you!
- No. I know. I really..
- Do you?
Wait. No. no. I really..
I just..
I want to know about Clovehitch.
That's all. really.
Just like the suspects.
and... and how you could
eliminate certain suspects.
Why?
Why do you all of a sudden care
about this stuff?
Are you trying to convert me?
- Or is this for a merit badge?
- No!
No! I..
I don't know.
It's just stuck in my head.
I just went to the memorial
the other day
and I didn't know any of them.
but. still.
I thought maybe talking to you
about it could help
or something.
But I don't know.
It's probably just stupid.
It's not stupid.
Come here after 3:00.
I'll help you.
Bring cookies.
Can I help you?
Uh. I'm sorry. ma'am.
I'm looking for Kassi.
I brought cookies.
Kassi. your little friend
is here.
I didn't think you'd show.
Your grandma's interesting.
She's not my grandma.
Dumbass.
She used to work for the cops.
She made a copy of all their
files and wrote this book.
Sit.
And here's everything
on his ten official victims.
This is victim number eight.
Erica Lytle.
She was a fifth grade teacher.
Clovehitch knew when
she would be alone.
Sorry. it's pretty graphic.
Did they take any
Polaroid pictures?
No. it's all digital. Why?
So this is all the evidence?
There's not much.
No fingerprints. no blood.
no semen. just the rope.
Well. rope fibers.
And this.
Belonged to victim four.
Sasha Peterson.
Found outside First Baptist.
She never went there.
I checked.
So you were staking out
our church to..
What. narrow it down?
Whoever was going back there?
No. Cops already did that.
I'm using the FBI playbook.
I'm gonna catch him using
his weakness.
And what's that?
He's insane.
Every killer has an MO
tied to his psychology.
It's like a fingerprint.
Look.
Same entry points. same
elaborate ropes on the bodies
the clove hitch tied to every
victim's house. his signature.
He's taunting the cops.
using the victims as trophies.
It's meticulous and planned.
I'm gonna use that fingerprint
to connect him to new cases.
I don't think he's
stopped killing.
I think there's more than
ten victims.
But he has stopped.
Serial killers can't stop.
This one. or this one?
This one. Okay.
Ahem! You know. I was thinkin'
of volunteering.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe. uh.
doing some tutoring
during the afternoons.
Where would that be?
Oh. over at St. Joseph's.
I was talkin' to
Billy's friend Martin.
He goes there.
I think you met him
a couple years ago.
He's a really nice guy.
We donated to their food drive.
I think.
Well. that's very
generous of you. Tyler.
But. keep it to afternoons.
Evenings is family time.
Yes. ma'am.
- No!
- Gin.
- Cheating!
- How about that?
Again?
Don't hate me
'cause I'm beautiful.
You can pull the wool over your
mother's eyes. but not mine.
Who was it you were visiting
when you're supposed
to be tutoring?
My boy's got himself
a girlfriend.
Oh.
You know about that?
Problem is.
you lied to your mother.
Oh. W... we..
We really just study.
That's all.
Remember what we talked about
before?
No. her grandma's there.
It's... it's not like that.
Yeah. I know.
Tell you what.
Mom doesn't have to know
you're lying
but she needs to
meet this girl.
Invite her over for dinner
tomorrow night.
I don't know if that's
a good idea.
I'll have her make her
a casserole.
Okay. Yes. sir.
Hey. would you want to go to
dinner tonight at my house?
No.
My parents want to meet you.
- Why?
- Um..
They think we're going out
and. uh..
Whoa.
- What?
- Hm?
You know we're not going out.
right?
Yeah. no.
No. of course.
No. no. no. Duh. obviously.
I just thought..
You know. they just..
They know we're hanging out.
and so..
They're not gonna try to convert
me to the ways of Jesus. are they?
The only thing would be don't
talk about Clovehitch
'cause they don't know about
anything like that. but..
I mean.
don't talk about anything.
Great.
I'm definitely coming.
Mmm.
Great tilapia. hon.
So. Kassi.
where do you go to church?
Oh. I don't go to church.
Um. my dad's usually hungover
on Sundays
and my mom left
when I was little.
So. um.
I'm basically an atheist
but I'm considering
getting into Wicca.
Wicca? Wha..
No. I've heard of that.
It... it's not black magic.
it's um..
- A nature-based spiritual...
- Oh. Mom.
- She's... she's just joking.
- Oh. geez.
This family doesn't
have your sense of humor.
Um. she goes to a church
across town.
Kassi. I hear that. um.
you visit an elderly lady?
Um. yeah. She is a retired.
She used to...
That's her grandma.
Mavis. yeah.
She's a retired secretary
at the bank.
Tyler.
let her answer for herself.
Was he this nervous
when he asked you out. Kassi?
Oh. no.
Not at all.
He was real smooth.
Incredible. So smooth. I didn't
realize that he'd asked.
Oh. I think I know exactly
what you mean.
This one over here's
the same way.
I practically proposed
to him myself.
Oh. come on.
I had that whole ring
and speech
and I did the one knee.
- You exaggerate.
- Oh. you did great.
- Come on.
- You did great.
So. Mr. Burnside. um..
You teach Tyler and everybody
about camping and whittling..
Tying knots?
Well. Kassi. it's not just about
outdoor preparedness anymore.
You know. they got.
they got badges now for. um
computer programming and
and photography..
All kinds of things.
But. yeah.
I love whittling and knots.
You got me.
How many knots do you know?
Why don't we talk about
something else?
This... this is pretty boring.
Well. she asked.
I'm sorry about
the bad joke earlier.
I really like spending time
with Tyler.
I wouldn't want to give
the wrong first impression.
I just get really nervous
and say the wrong thing.
- I'm sorry.
- Oh..
Not at all. sweetheart.
Not at all.
And you don't
need to be nervous.
You are the best young lady
that he has brought home
to meet us.
- Also the only one.
- Don.
Sorry about
the whole fish thing.
I. I don't even think
they know what vegan is.
Pull over.
So..
You think your dad
is Clovehitch?
You should see your face!
It's not your fucking dad.
Your dad?
He has pictures.
- Tyler...
- Like bondage porno stuff.
That's why everyone thinks
I'm a perv.
I went in his shed where no one
is allowed. and there was more.
There was even one that
said Nora on it. and.
I think that was for
Nora Devlin.
Right next to it. it says.
"Lucky's favorite" on it.
- I'm serious.
- Lucky?
Yeah.
There's no way in hell
your dad is Clovehitch
just because he likes
weird porn.
He's just kinky.
My gosh.
Come on. let's go.
What. did you think
we were gonna make out?
- Drive.
- Oh.
♪ I've been doing
all the dishes ♪
♪ All day long ♪
♪ Though I never get a nickel ♪
♪ ...all the odd jobs
around this house ♪
Oh. look who it is!
♪ Mr. Romance has returned ♪♪
Come on. dance with me.
I... I've seen moves
on you tonight
that I've never seen
in my entire life. mister.
What the heck?
What are you doing here?
Lucky got stuck in my head.
I couldn't...
- Shh!
- I couldn't sleep.
So I went through everything.
and I went back to Barbara's
which she was not happy about.
But I found it.
Victim number five.
she got a note in her mailbox
a week before she was killed.
Guess what it said?
It's gone.
Let's go.
Let me see.
Are you sure it said "Lucky?"
- I don't know.
- I feel something.
Oh. hey.
- Shit.
- What is that?
Does that look like your
father's handwriting. Tyler?
I don't know.
Where is this?
My dad will be up soon.
Come to Barbara's
as soon as you can.
Don't let him know
you know. okay?
You okay?
Yeah.
Tyler?
Morning. sunshine.
Oh. hey. Dad.
What time is it?
Almost 7:00.
Thought we'd get an early start.
What?
You know what we haven't
done in a while?
Camping.
Just you and me.
- Um.. Yeah. today?
- Yeah.
Thought we'd go have some fun.
Father-son bonding.
Lock up that rifle badge.
Yeah. No. that'd be great.
I just feel kind of sick.
though.
Ah. come on.
I'll make you some cereal.
Get dressed.
Where are we going?
We're almost there. bud.
Did you tell anyone?
- What are you talking about?
- Tyler.
I know you've been in the shed
and in the crawlspace.
You had no business
invading my privacy.
The lack of respect is really
disturbing. Tyler.
You know better than that.
A lock on that door
for a reason.
What you found in that box
wasn't mine.
Whose is it?
Rudy's.
Uncle Rudy?
The truth is.
I'm ashamed to say..
I had an interest in those kinds
of photos
that you found in the truck
a long time ago. years ago.
Rudy was the same way.
only much. much worse.
I knew that from when we were
kids. but still.
When I found that stuff
in his trailer
I went to him and I said
"Rudy. you gotta
turn yourself in."
But then... then he tried to..
...you know..
I thought it was a car crash.
It was.
He drove off the road.
Well. why do you
have that stuff?
I was gonna burn it.
I swear to God.
But the victims' families..
...they have a right to know.
Look. then it was never
the right time. you know?
Susie being born.
or some darn thing and..
Then I had to think
about our family
it'd be rough on you kids.
And to put your mom
through that?
For what?
Not gonna bring anybody back.
But it looks like it's you.
Bud.
Bud. I don't know. I don't know
what else to tell you.
Other than
I know that you know..
...it isn't me.
It's not me.
I'm just so..
I'm just so damned sorry to
to put you through all that.
I messed up.
I was trying
to protect my brother.
We have to take it
to the police.
Or destroy it.
But you have to decide.
Knot tying
exemplifies the skills
and the strength
of a troop or family.
The rope weaves
the fibers together
and the knot bends them
to a common purpose.
The square knot
used in first aid is a symbol
of service to others.
- You went camping?
- You can't be.. What?
I waited and waited and I go by your house
and your mom tells me you went camping.
Shh! You talked to my mom?
I thought he was onto us.
No! Keep your voice down. No.
He just wanted to take me
camping. okay?
Good. because I figured it out.
It's your house.
- What?
- Duh. there's a pit under there.
- You went under my house?
- I couldn't wait.
What if he took you camping to
get rid of you?
Did you find anything
under there?
- No. He never finished it.
- Kassi. that's 'cause it's not him.
I asked him about
the pictures and everything
and he explained it to me.
What? How did he
explain the blueprints?
It's a fantasy.
It's not real.
What about Lucky?
I gotta go back inside.
Just believe me that it's not.
- Well. then who is it?
- I don't know. I'll call you later.
I know you don't wanna
believe it. but just face it.
Look at this.
This really happened.
No. I don't want
to deal with this now!
What are you doing?
Billy. go back inside.
Hey. give me that.
You're disgusting.
you know that?
- Billy. come on.
- This is depraved.
- Billy. give me it!
- Why don't you just come out of the closet already?
- Hey.
- F you. slut!
Hey!
- Hey!
- Get off of me!
Hey! Stop!
Hey. buddy.
I just got
one question for you.
Where's Tyler Burnside?
What?
'Cause the Tyler I know
wouldn't resort to violence
to settle his disputes.
Okay. I get it.
Pastor Randy. I'm Tyler.
I just lost my temper.
You know. that's gonna be
some shiner.
Everything okay at home?
Yeah. it's fine.
Oh. I love you so much.
Please be careful. okay?
Mom. don't worry. I will.
You're getting so heavy!
I'm gonna get real fat
when you're gone
so you don't recognize me.
Alright.
Have a good time.
Thanks again. Dad. for coming
through with the money.
Eh. I figure you learned
all you can from me.
Have fun.
I will.
Alright. Better get going.
My little man.
I love you.
I'll see you soon. okay?
- Love you!
- Bye!
Bye!
I think I made too much.
Mm.
More for me.
When's Tyler come home?
In two shakes
of a lamb's tail.
How long is that?
You know. that's what grandma
always used to say to me
and I never asked her.
You're one smart cookie.
you know that?
Why don't you go
visit your mom for a while?
You wanna swim
in grandma's lake?
Yay!
You can take time off?
Nah! I wish I could. honey.
But. um. you know.
swamped with work.
You go for a week or two.
I'll check on Rudy at the center
and then I'll come up
the last weekend
and I'll drive back down
with yous.
- Mom would like that.
- Mm.
- You wanna go see grandma?
- Mm-hmm.
Alright.
We'll call her after dinner
and tell her we're coming.
- Okay.
Sorry.
It's okay.
- Something bothering you?
- No.
You wanna talk about it?
I..
I'm fine. it's just..
Just getting old.
Maybe I shouldn't go to Mom's.
It's nothing.
Come here. Come on.
You don't have to worry.
Ever.
Drive safe. huh?
- Bye-bye. Daddy.
- Bye. sweetheart.
- Be a good girl.
- I'll call you when we get there.
- Okay.
- I love you. Bye-bye.
- Listen to your mom.
Be done by the end of the day.
Fantastic.
You ever. uh..
...bring out
your service weapon?
Can't say that I have.
Yeah?
I've done a lot of target
shooting with the new Gen-4.
Beautiful weapon.
You'll be able to snag some
critter. no problem.
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
Go ahead.
I... I'll grab you one.
Gee. thank you.
There you go.
Alright.
Ah. they're for my wife.
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Whoa-oh ♪
♪ Whoa-o-oh ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Well last night baby
was all there ♪
♪ No we just barely get out ♪
♪ 'Cause it's black and white ♪
♪ That our future is passed ♪
♪ There's no shadow
of a doubt ♪
♪ Our love
is yesterday's news ♪
♪ And now it's time
to turn the page ♪
♪ I need to write it
on the wall ♪
♪ And it's time
for a change ♪
♪ Our love
is yesterday's news ♪
♪ And that's the day
we learned the truth ♪
♪ That if we love each other ♪
♪ Oh baby whoa oh ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Whoa-oh ♪
♪ Whoa-o-oh ♪
Oh! Hey. Kassi.
We haven't seen you in a while.
I'm looking for Tyler.
Tyler?
Um. well. hey. come on.
Why don't you come in?
Would. um. would you like
to have anything to drink?
Oh. no. thanks.
- Um. is Tyler home?
- Tyler?
Oh. didn't he tell you he was
going away to leadership camp?
Oh. um. we haven't been talking
much lately.
Oh.
Uh... it's a nice camera.
Is that real film?
Oh. yeah. Yeah.
Oh. you-you like photography.
You were the one
with all those. uh
those crime scene photos
the day of the-the big fight.
right?
Yeah.
Here. Let me... let me
take one of you.
Say cheese and crackers.
Cheese and crackers.
We have to wait to see
how it turns out.
You wanna blow on it?
Hi. Dad. Okay!
Okay. fine! I'm on my way.
Sorry. I'm late to meet my dad.
Oh. wow. Just like that. huh?
Well. should I. should I tell
Tyler you came by?
Nah. forget it.
Dammit!
So here we are
at this pivotal scene.
The son comes to his senses
he's on the road
to see his father.
And before he even
gets to the door
the father sees him
from a distance.
And scripture says the father
runs to seek him out.
You see. God always leaves
the door to redemption open
but it's up to us to pull the
handle and come on in.
So my question
this morning is..
...are you gonna open the door?
Hey. my tur... my turn.
Now. you're gonna try it.
- I know.
- I know. Yes.
That's what I said.
Okay. That's very good.
Anyway. Mom sends her love
and. uh. she wants you
to bring your tools
when you come up. 'cause
there's a bunch of little jobs
she has in mind for you.
Oh. someone wants to say
hello to you.
Hi. Daddy. I love you.
That's it. go ahead.
Okay. that's it.
That's all she wants to say.
I love you too.
and. um... call us.
Okay. Miss you. Bye.
...can quickly tackle those hard
to reach corners. The secret?
OxiClean's
stain-fighting bubbles
that power through calcium.
lime. hard water
and easily cleans soap scum on
shower doors.
Kaboom turns this into this.
...a limited time. you can get
your dream kitchen
for 40 percent less
than the big box guys
and choose your favorite way
to save even more.
Pay now and save 30 percent
or save 25 percent
and finance interest-free
for 24 months.
Or save 20 percent
and finance interest-free
for 36 months.
The choice is yours.
Biggest possible savings
or big savings plus
interest-free financing.
This combination of deals
is simply unbeatable.
So hurry
into one of our showrooms
or visit us online at
cabinetstogo.com.
There's more to Langer's juice
than great tasting fruit.
We put over 40 years'
experience in every bottle
and are committed to make
every batch the best it can be.
And now. with every bottle of
Langer's Cranberry 100.
there's even more.
It's not only 100 percent juice
we've added calcium and
essential antioxidants
like vitamins A. C. and E.
Is that all you got?
Maybe we should cut grandma's
tasting to once a week.
Yeah.
Langer..
Don't scream.
Don't scream. It's okay.
Don't be afraid. Don't be
afraid. I'm not gonna hurt you.
I'm wanted by the cops right now
for robbin' a bank.
You understand? Hm?
Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna remove my hand.
Do not scream.
Oh.
Oh. my back.
I think I pulled somethin'
climbin' in here.
It's okay.
All I did was rob a bank.
and. and no one got hurt.
But I need to get away.
I'm gonna take your car.
You got insurance. right?
I don't need money or anything.
Keys are in your purse?
That purse?
Oh. shit.
We're almost done.
If you tell the cops
I'm gonna give this
to my friends
and they'll find you.
Okay?
But I don't think you will.
Grab my bag for me.
Come on. come on.
come on. come on.
Oh. one last thing.
I gotta tie you up.
I won't tell anyone.
I promise.
This thing is loaded. Okay?
Don't argue.
My back is actin' up as it is.
Now. the sooner you're tied up.
the sooner I leave.
Now grab my bag and move!
In the bedroom.
Come on.
Okay. sit down.
On the bed.
Here. Do it yourself.
Doesn't have to be too tight.
Go on.
Go ahead. go ahead.
No. no. silly.
Not like that.
I'll do it.
You want something done.
you gotta do it yourself.
That's what my dad
always told me.
But he was a real S-O-B.
Let me tell ya.
Put your hands. please.
I'll be out of here in two
shakes of a lamb's tail.
That's tight.
Oh. it's not too bad.
Mm.
Lucky likes your shampoo.
Dad.
What are you doin' here?
Is she okay?
You should be gone.
Oh. Tyler.
You shouldn't see this.
Dad!
What did I teach you?
You don't aim a weapon
unless you intend to use it.
Are you gonna shoot me. bud?
You can't just leave notes
out for me like that.
My parents are gonna
find them.
I like the black eye.
It's a good look for you.
You should've just taken
the pictures. though.
I thought you were gonna stop?
I am. Come up.
This is Nora Devlin's house.
The only places I know are
Clovehitch places. I'm sorry.
Look. I wanna hang out with you.
But it can't be about this
Clovehitch stuff.
Especially not about my dad.
Okay. I get it.
But do you even believe me?
Do you really believe me?
I feel her sometimes.
What?
Let's go in.
- No.
- Come on.
No!
Let's go.
He. um. came in
through the basement.
And then tied her up..
...and tortured her here.
Then he killed her.
This is where
they found the body.
Why are you doing this?
What did your dad tell you?
Tyler.
I'm not accusing your dad.
I just wanna know
what happened.
It was Uncle Rudy.
In the wheelchair?
How long has he been
like that?
Ten years.
That's why he stopped.
He told me
it was a car accident
but... it was suicide.
Attempted suicide.
I found something
in the pit under your house.
Y... you said
there was nothing under there.
There were rope fibers.
- Rope fibers?
- Yeah.
This isn't CSI.
Look. I know that you love
being obsessed with Clovehitch
because it makes you
all dark and interesting
but. but really.
this is my family.
He killed my mom.
What?
Clovehitch... killed my mom.
I thought. um..
I thought your mom ran away.
Yeah.
When I was five.
my dad came home
after a big fight with her.
And she was gone
and so was her stuff.
And we never heard
from her again.
My dad says
that she abandoned us.
That's not what I remember.
I remember a man coming in
and making her cry.
And tying her up.
and putting me in the bathroom.
And her screams.
I turned on the water
so I didn't have to hear.
And it was years later
that I heard about Clovehitch..
...and I knew.
But my dad wouldn't listen.
no one would listen.
I didn't want it to be him.
so. no one's believed me.
What was her name?
Crystal.
Crystal Harper?
How do you know that?
Under the house..
...there was a box. and
it had photos. and jewelry..
...and driver's licenses.
There were 13 of them.
Thirteen?
Where are they?
It wasn't gonna bring 'em back.
And he's gone.
We had to protect our family.
- So where are they?
- So we burned them.
I'm sorry.
Do you believe him?
Is there any doubt in your mind?
Please.
Have a good time.
Thanks again. Dad. for coming
through with the money.
Eh. I figured you learned
all you can from me.
- Have fun.
- I will.
Your dad was a handyman. right?
So?
Well. it'd explain
why there's no forced entry.
Case his victims' houses.
Uncle Rudy
was a handyman too.
What are you expecting to see?
Anything.
There's no way
he could be that sick
and not give any hint.
I've lived with him
my whole life.
There's no hint.
Maybe you don't know
what a normal dad is like.
No. yeah. no. I feel like
I'm learning a lot.
And the. the counselors
have been really helpful
and everything's
been amazing so far.
Yeah. alright. Alright.
I gotta go. Mom.
No. I love you too.
I'll talk to you later.
He's following that woman.
What woman?
The woman in the blue pants.
He's staring at her.
No. no. He'll see you.
He'll see you.
This isn't gonna work.
What kind of phone
does he have?
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Whoa-oh ♪
♪ Whoa-whoa-oh-oh whoa ♪
♪ Well last night baby
we called Dad ♪
♪ Though we did.. ♪
♪ 'Cause it's black
and white ♪
♪ That our future is passed ♪
♪ There's no shadow
of a doubt ♪
♪ Our love is
yesterday's news ♪
♪ And now it's time
to turn the page ♪
♪ I need to write it
on the wall ♪
♪ I mean it's time
for a change ♪
♪ Our love is
yesterday's news ♪
♪ Another day
without the truth ♪
♪ Till it was long ago
I'll face tomorrow ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ Whoa-oh ♪
♪ Whoa-whoa-oh-oh ♪
♪ Whoa ♪
♪ You don't have to read girl
between the line.. ♪
♪ And what is true
and ignoring the signs ♪♪
Say cheese and crackers.
Cheese and crackers.
Do you wanna blow on it?
Hi. Dad.
Yeah. I know. I know.
I'm on my way. Sorry.
He left the house.
He's going to work.
We should wait for him to sneak
out at night or something.
He's gonna see me if we keep
following him around
in broad daylight.
Whose house is that?
He's probably just working.
We should go.
Kassi! Kassi!
- Hey. come on.
- Hey.
He tied this here.
I saw him.
Tyler.
It's the woman
from the market.
I'll go in with you.
No.
I need to talk to him alone.
Dad?
Come on.
What are you doin' here?
Is she okay?
You should be gone.
Oh. Tyler.
- You shouldn't see this.
- Dad!
What did I teach you?
You don't aim a weapon
unless you intend to use it.
Are you gonna shoot me. bud?
You have to turn yourself in.
- Kassi?
- Yeah.
Go and help her.
She's manipulating you.
Bud..
Bud. listen to me.
I'd never hurt anyone.
This. this woman
and I are having an affair.
We're a little kinky.
that's all.
I know. I know. this is a lot
for you to take in..
...but your mother knows
all about this. She and I...
Are you serious
with this bullshit?
Bud. if this gets out.
all you're gonna do
is hurt your mom and Susie.
I need you to lower your aim.
Accidents happen.
It's okay. bud.
It's okay.
She was gonna hurt somebody.
You and me.
we know about gun safety.
Now. I trust you to properly
handle a firearm. but not her.
I need you
to lower your weapon.
Let's not become
another bad statistic
about gun safety.
Accidents happen.
Good man.
I'm very proud of you. bud.
Very proud.
You're doin' the right thing.
Remember..
...butt first.
You used to think
that was so funny.
Butt first.
There you go.
I'm not mad.
Just disappointed.
Tyler. hurry up. please.
I can't be late again.
Okay.
I want pancakes.
Well. you're in luck.
because oatmeal is pancakes
that Big Bird chewed up.
- Gross.
- Sweetie. please.
I need you to be a good little
bug for me today. okay?
Okay. Mom.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Tyler!
I'm coming!
- Amen.
There's an opening
at Billy's uncle's shop.
I could pick up a few shifts
there next week.
Hello?
Yes. speaking.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
So what should we do now?
Nothing.
Police won't connect it
to Clovehitch.
She never saw his face.
Yeah.
This is what you wanted.
Mommy. I don't wanna go
to bed. Please!
Please! I want someone to sleep
with me. I don't want..
- Hey.
- Can I sit down?
- Yeah. sure.
The police wanted
to talk to you.
I told them no.
They..
They don't think
it was an accident.
Do you understand
what I'm saying?
They think s..
They think
somebody killed him?
Oh. goodness no.
Tyler. no.
No. they..
They think that someone
as experienced as Don
wouldn't just..
Yes. he had his problems
but... we... dealt
with them together.
I told them that.
Hey. hey. hey.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay.
Color guard.
post the flag of Troop 22.
Color guard. post the flag
of the United States of America.
Color guard. dismissed.
And now. Mrs. Burnside.
please present the sash.
I present to you.
the newest inductee
into the Order of Light.
Tyler Burnside.
Thank you.
Normally. the troop leader
would say a few words.
So. instead. I'd like to say
a few words about him.
Donald Burnside. my father.
We all saw different
sides of him.
To our community.
he was a leader.
To our family.
he was a provider.
To me. he was a dad.
As troop leader.
my father helped many of us
get our gun safety badges
which makes his accident
that much more tragic.
The truth is bad things
happen to good people.
Our only defense
is to come together
like we've done tonight.
That's what my dad taught me
through how he lived.
Let's remember that..
...how he impacted our lives.
Dad. if you can hear me..
...I love you.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today